## gitodo

The stupid to-do list application for git projects

### Synopsis


gitodo is a to-do list companion for git projects that ties to-do items to git 
repositories and branches without storing any files in the actual repositories.

A minimalist tool that helps the busy developers to:

 - keep track of what they've done and what they need
   to do per branch
 - add ideas in the queue for later
 - make stashing and popping of changes easier
 - craft commit messages based on the work done
 - prepare changelists
 - track time
 - view reports

All configuration is read from git and the environment, no yaml files needed.

Running the application without arguments will either:

  - open up the editor to add items if none are found
  - open a TUI screen where to-do items can be managed

The invoked editor will be the same one that git invokes.

To-do items do not have a priority. The top-most item should be always the one 
with the top priority, and commands like "what" and "done" read items from top
to bottom. Use the TUI screen to change the order of the items.

When stashing changes for an item, the "--include-untracked" flag will be 
passed to git, so if you don't want to have some untracked files to be stashed,
make sure to add them to .gitignore file or move them somewhere else. 

By default, gitodo will store the database file into the current user's home
directory. To override the path to the database file, set GITODO_DB environment
variable to a desired path to the file.

  

```
gitodo [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for gitodo
```

### SEE ALSO

* [gitodo add](gitodo_add.md)	 - Add to-do items for the current branch
* [gitodo changelist](gitodo_changelist.md)	 - Display to-do items as a changelist
* [gitodo commit](gitodo_commit.md)	 - Run a git commit with a prepared message
* [gitodo done](gitodo_done.md)	 - Set the first available to-do item to done
* [gitodo name](gitodo_name.md)	 - Display or set the name for your to-do branch.
* [gitodo pitch](gitodo_pitch.md)	 - Checkout branch and add items at one go
* [gitodo queue](gitodo_queue.md)	 - Add to-do items to the repository queue
* [gitodo report](gitodo_report.md)	 - View activity report
* [gitodo start](gitodo_start.md)	 - Start a timer for the active branch
* [gitodo stop](gitodo_stop.md)	 - Stop the timer from anywhere
* [gitodo util](gitodo_util.md)	 - Utility commands
* [gitodo what](gitodo_what.md)	 - Display what's next to do

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 22-Mar-2025
